***
Oh, have you been to any car show? Japan
Oh, didn't everyone like buy their soul, buy their soul
Yeah, but you would never go out on your own.
Yeah, but you said you hung out
Like, it's cleaner by the way.
Yeah, we should go with that. Yeah, I'm pretty sure we should get those on.
I think, this is a a big...
***
Yeah.***
I don't mind.
yeah
you know
But you know, I'll check it out here and there, I'm sure I won't be as abusive, you know so that the
yeah
I know, Well, if I go and live there, then I'll definitely go.
I heard it at Octogothers store.
yeah
yeah, ***It just be easier if you're there
Like If you see it, you'll know you know, first me, I'm like
I have to check the photo, I have to assess someone, I have to make sure it's the right one.
Because I can't tell just by looking at it.
***
So he's like two to three years, and then when I told my parents, I was like, oh my god.
two three years like they ***I don't know if that's what she told them.
So I was kind of like...
Yeah, but I might not go to school or something.
Um But that's what you told me.
Yeah But, you know, he said, like, we are, like, coming out a lot of,
***It's fine.
Yeah but I think he's, you know he's, I've seen one.
She made good money and She's still making money off
umm,***
***To be not ready
I love my frickin' aunt and her husband as they. So
Yeah. So that they are***
yeah
Would you, would you feel comfortable standing on my grass?
yeah, but***
yeah
Huhhahah
Yeah.. but you know he I think he means that you know
Okay, here I go.
Oh, like yeah.
Is there any food do you want to try?
Ohh ***
Okay
Yeah, yeah.
yeah
I want to try out more, yeah like, like tears of shame.
Mamos, Mid-tier sushi. or like mamos mamos
***
No, besides, you know, one way or the other.
yeah
Have you ever run across one of those like, wooden cars? I'm like, curious if it's still there.
where they are.
alright
Oh, he has no free time. That's cool.
Mainly prayer
Okay, so...